WebSockets bug fixes (#472)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: modules/ROOT/pages/websockets/websockets-connector-server-components.adoc

== Send a Response

> Unlike the `<http:listener>` element that automatically sends a response when a flow ends, this component  never automatically sends a response. This is because the web sockets protocol is full duplex and therefore provides no guarantee that you need to or want to send a response. Depending on your use case, you might want to process the messages without sending a response, or only send responses on certain cases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unlike the `<http:listener>` element that automatically sends a response when a flow ends, this component  never automatically sends a response. This is because the WebSocket protocol is full duplex and therefore provides no guarantee that you need to or want to send a response. Depending on your use case, you might want to process the messages without sending a response, or send responses only on certain cases.
```
